this is very interested in technical matters and has been since the days
of sale navy officers who generally regarded by the public is being
some of the most intelligent military officers because of the great
skills they have to know to do celestial navigation sail a ship runny
steamship run a nuclear powered submarine and all the electronics
that go with all the work we do these days US so there isn't desire
to get an advanced degree and an opportunity arose during World War
two that required some training for officers and they picked up a
school in Monterey California by buying an old bankrupt luxury resort
hotel in Monterey and training turning it into a training school
for navy officers after the war they decided to keep the school going
but to make it a post graduate school largely for ROTC graduates and
Naval Academy graduates who now needed advanced training in their
field BET engineering or science or operations research or management
and so they've created the naval postgraduate school is turned out
to be a most excellent graduate school and is still in operation today
where mid grade officers that he is only three you know for captains
and majors in the army marine corps and yeah airforce or lieutenants
in lieutenant commanders in the navy and Coast Guard where people
at that level can go and get a master's degree at the navy base
usually over period two years where all of their time goes to studying
their masters were in preparing their research to justify what they're
doing it in PS also grants P. H. D.'s to a very few students
but they do have PhD programs